and this health and nutrition
Aubergine celery and grapefruit juice for
debug the body and to eliminate
toxins and liquids naturally
according to the advice of many
nutritionists in spring is necessary
debug the body to work
better then well if you feel it 's time
detoxify your body and improve the
metabolism to lose some kilos not
you can let this juice go by
Aubergine celery and grapefruit is ideal for
eliminate toxins and liquids although the
fruits and vegetables in general are from
utility to debug the body and lose
weight there are certain foods that
they have special properties and
specific as for example the
eggplant celery and grapefruit the
eggplant is the detoxifying vegetable
par excellence this vegetable has
properties that manage to stimulate the
liver the gallbladder and the kidneys for
purging the body also facilitates the
elimination of fats consumed at
through food the celery is a
diuretic food as it brings a high
percentage of minerals that stimulate
renal system
grapefruit is a fruit rich in potassium
and fiber that not only helps eliminate
retained liquids but also stimulates
intestinal transit if you combine these
three foods of vegetable origin you can
get a juice that eliminates toxins from
naturally this juice can be useful
to reduce fluid retention
lose weight through the loss of
Liquid toxins and fat loss the
objective is that you not only lose liquids
but also to help you mobilize the
fatty tissue for energy
purify the liver stimulate the gallbladder
and improve the fat metabolism to
increase intestinal transit reduce
the blood pressure decrease the
cholesterol triglycerides and the
blood glucose
ingredients half glass of freshly
squeezed grapefruit 10 grams of celery 5
grams of aubergine half a teaspoon of
ginger root powder preparation
place all these ingredients in one
processor or blender to obtain a
homogeneous mixture
drink the juice of eggplant grapefruit and
celery to make this juice effective
can drink for 15 days one hour before
of breakfast fasting so you can
Absorbed in the best way and can
detoxify more effectively your
body observations if you drink this juice
within a low calorie diet and
balanced and you do physical activity
the results will be better and more
fast if you suffer from hypertension
arterial blood present that the medication
more the juice can reduce too much your
therefore it is important that
consult with your doctor and check your
blood pressure
this is all for now keep watching and
sharing these videos
remember your health is very important in
this channel we will be helping you
get the necessary information to
keep you healthy and you look better
do not forget to subscribe to this channel and
we will be working for you h / ca
chanel your channel